- [Frank] Writing good object-oriented software today
can benefit greatly from the use of design patterns.
These patterns have evolved and been refined
to solve consistent problems that routinely pop up
when writing software.
As with most quality frameworks,
the Spring framework leverages many design patterns
and integrates them into the consumption
of the framework as well.
In this course, I will show you the value
of these design patterns,
how you could exploit them for your own efficiencies,
and how you can use the power of the framework,
along with common design patterns,
to solve problems quicker, more efficiently,
and in a way that other developers will clearly understand.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a software developer and architect
who leverages rapid development practices,
including design patterns, to build large, robust,
and highly-available distributed systems.